Troubleshooting:

21/04/2024:
- Reactjs create through node js (Code command - "npx create-react-app my-app")
- no issue running the react js website (Ran the website using "npm start" From my_apps directory)

Issue:
Trying to implement the use of muliple pages for react to view mulitple projects. 
An error message saying "react js export 'AbortedDeferredError'"

Thoughts:
I thought i didnt have the correct version of Node js or React or plugin installed. 
Attempted to get the most latest node through using the command (npm install -g npm@latest) 
The update was successful however the issue still kept appearing. 

5/05/2024:
- Attempting to find solution still, no luck. 
- Starting from Scratch

Issue:
AbortedDeferredError - this issue still happening.

Thoughts:
Is there anything that can be done with the terminal?
can i run anything to fix any connections for methods or functions. (found npm audit fix --force)
A fresh start?

Actions:
When running npm start, the terminal suggested to use "npm audit fix --force" to resolve any conflicts on any pages. 
I attempted to run this several times. The terminal said there were a few functions that having conflicts.I search google 
for any soultion to fix these when fixing these conflicts. The webpage was referring to links in the code i couldnt find. 
So i Decided to start from scratch. 

06/05/2024:
- React JS + Vite rebuilt 
- new pages working.

Issue:
- Pages links not working.

Thoughts:
My own understand of react was from a few years ago because technology is constantly growing. Is my train of thought correct?
I went only did some more research and foud this to connect pages - https://reactrouter.com/en/main/start/tutorial
So i continuted to try searching various websites for an understanding of how react js worked.

Actions:
I follow the instructions in the website above however could not get the pages to work the way the website was expecting me to get it. 
I was able to create the physical pages and get the link by manually putting the URL through the search bar of the browser but could not 
get the navigation bar or element to show up as a pressable link.

11/05/2024
- React JS links working. 

Issue:
Front page was showing blank.

Thoughts:
Is the Reactjs pages being seen by each method?
How does Reactjs work with each page. How does it know its in the right place?

Actions:
I need a general understanding of how the react Router worked so i went online to do some research - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qi32YwjoN2U
The youtube video help me get a better understanding of the router. 
I implemented those lessons into my method and it started working. Now i had made a home page and so it. 
I was able to rebuild a a new project and compare the front page was and found app method is being Referred incorrect and thats why my front page didnt work.

12/05/2024
- React JS Navbar working
- Fixing up Code.

Issue: 
 - Navbar

Thoughts:
Why is my navbar not showing up and why did the navbar not need export option at the end of the code 
Everytime I implement the Navbar its doesnt connect to any pages it only shows up with a white page with 
nothing on it.

Actions:
I included the "export default Layout;" in my Layout because i tried at looking at everything else but nothing 
worked. (Adding that small amount of code worked.)
React didnt know what it was trying to render therefore showing up a white page.
I cleaned my code also, in my next update need to add the projects into pages and also a Messy page at the beginning

17/04/2024:
- Footer on the webpage created. 

Issues:
- will footer still be good once more content. 

Actions:
The footer was simple enough to be created however there was spacing issues on the webpage because i was not
used to the default style sheet. It would be very difficult to locate the specific style and which px or element 
was creating the space. I know a way of more accurately pin pointing the variable. The developer tool built into
the web browser has a "Inspect element" feature, this color codes each element and by changing the element in the 
developer mode it gives a temporary change so i could play around with any modifications.

Also added the hosting features: (Deploying the website on github)
ttps://github.com/gitname/react-gh-pages
